---
title: "Benthic Ecology Meeting 2025"
date: 2025-01-01
---

## Welcome to the 53rd Annual Benthic Ecology Meeting

**When:** April 1–4, 2025  
**Where:** Mobile, Alabama (USA)  
**Venue:** Marriott Riverview Plaza

### Welcome!

The Benthic Ecology Meeting Society (BEMS) was founded to create a meeting where we can share the latest and greatest advances in marine science in a welcoming, supporting, and engaging environment that is free from all forms of discrimination. Science is strongest when people from all backgrounds and all levels of experience come together to pursue the creation and sharing of knowledge.

The BEMS has embraced efforts to ensure our meeting is accessible and inclusive with the goals of making everyone feel welcome and to promote the free exchange of ideas. We formed an advisory committee to assist with these goals, reaffirmed our commitment to our code of conduct, and found ways to keep the meeting affordable so that cost is less of a barrier to participation.

BEMS affirms everyone and rejects all forms of discrimination, harassment, and bigotry by anyone in our community on the basis of race, color, appearance, genetic information, disability status, sex, age, gender identity, national origin, veteran status, religion, citizenship, socioeconomic status, or any other demographic category. Our goal is to ensure everyone has an enjoyable meeting in an atmosphere of mutual respect, cooperation, and professionalism.

## Conference Banquet

The traditional end-of-conference banquet was at the [Blue Gill Restaurant](https://www.bluegillrestaurant.com/) on Mobile Bay.
